Today we left death and
a line orly for a the most point
top of the line while clearing this
who fell 10 cm that night so
we chased the snow to make the
place for the next one that may be
fell that night we do not know and at the same
time check all facilities
ground security
ice cubes if in the tunnels and then
that ice on the ground does not break
pedal
passage level
and then the snow the tanner little obliged
to mobilize reinforcements do not toast
so that means positioning agents
in our strategic points
it forces us to put gear
supervisors snow removal
additional to power on the
region burgundy franche county allow
railway traffic
to circulate safely
the problem of ice is water
infiltrates and with the cold waiting
the current of a possible causes
distinctive
so we do the tours every day
we break everything that is at risk
there is also the water flowing over
the sides and the wise she on the ground
So we go with punch pick
generator sets and then my
simply trust the for
remove here bead of ice the
consequences of bad weather slowed down
trains to avoid projections
ice ballast ice and then if
we never realize that we have
significant snow accumulation that
prevents the traffic from going to the beginning
probe they formed themselves on
intervenes outside the circulations the
most of the time at night to allow
to the morning circulations to circulate in
all security
you will be that a cari value arrives
because we worked all night it's
it's one of the great satisfactions